I work in an Italian restaurant and I was aspiring to
open a project after the war. Before the war, I had
the equipment prepared and I was working on it or on a solid floor,
standing. I wanted to open a project based on fast food pizza.
Now the war has destroyed all my capabilities and all
my ambitions.
Come on, I was studying accounting in the second year of university, but now
I am selling a period.  Homs, I was forced to work.
I am forced to sell and work in this job. My father
and my sisters died, so I am spending on my family to support
his family. I mean, I
told you that I am selling what I own in the store and it is over.
Today, for breakfast and suhoor, I live on the kiats that are
sitting here. I mean, if there are no kiats,
we will not break the fast or advise him.  Because there is money, we are not.
We were dependent on anyone. We were dependent on
God. God damn
it. People have six months. I tell you,
tomorrow we will go. Tomorrow there will be a truce. Tomorrow is in hope. People are
living in hope. What is hope? No one knows whether
we should go. Do we want to calm down on Sina? Do they want to
throw him into the sea?  Do they want people to die?
No one
knows
that